know everyone hopefully the wind doesn't
with this video too much but can't
the stacks on and they are functioning
just a really cobbled homebrew job here
going on managed to find a Rolleiflex
pipe but there's one of the part stars
answer couplings and stuff I could have
made it a little easier with less
welding if I would have thought this
through a little better when I was doing
it but oh well um you know just it's
three inch flex pipe
I know it's just two and a half I should
say and it's it's mostly done I need to
go over the welding those welds ooh
at leaks and I got a seal in those holes
and weld the pipes down to the Box
better but using this Waller my dad's
got just a little 110 wire feet which is
some flux core in it but for the life of
me I cannot get the damn thing set up
right to welder the if I was using
our Miller welder over at the shop but
we don't have any wire I could well just
fine with that but this one I just can't
get it to weld with a no matter
what I do I can clean the metal up
perfect and with all the settings
all day long and I'll never get that
damn thing to weld rate so it all looks
like hell but whatever it's working for
now of course on a side note I did blow
up the upper rad was blew out when I got
home doesn't really sound that great
basically this sounds like an S came
with no muffler and since I've got all
these leaks and stuff that sound doesn't
really come out the pipe so well plus
they're so big that it's not a lot of
movement coming out of them it's a
little different it's not too low it's
not quiet but I had to cut the box back
a little farther cuz I couldn't get the
Flex pipe bender on and um
yeah just some cobbled together maths
that I have did
it's got leaks and stuff that I gotta
take care of but what do you do not
already bought it because the pickup
will probably out and all that I
did this so well I'll have one this
would be I can take this apart and put
it on the other s10 - so I'll get this
put back together so I can run it and
show you that the grill going so I can
grill some brats and stuff and burgers